# Meeting Notes

## Oct 3, 2023
**Recorded by:** Jason Wheeler
**Notes submitted on:** Oct 3, 2023 
**Venue:** EN 2040 
**Source:** If there is a recording or other source material, link it here  
**Time:** 1PM  
**Attendance:** Everyone

Project architecture was discussed. We are considering using Python, Bottle, SQL, HTML and CSS.

General Areas for Group Members:
- Frontend: Jason
- Server: Muhammed
- Database:
- User Info/App Logic:


## Oct 4, 2023
**Recorded by:** Jason Wheeler
**Notes submitted on:** Oct 4, 2023
**SCRUM master:** Muhammed 
**Venue:** EN 2040 
**Source:** If there is a recording or other source material, link it here  
**Time:** 1PM  
**Attendance:** Everyone

Introduced SCRUM master. We all decided that Mohammed would be a good fit for this role.

Source Control strategy was introduced. We decided to go with truck-based. The deadline is Oct. 19th for Pull Requests.

## Oct 5, 2023
**Recorded by:** Jason Wheeler
**Notes submitted on:** Oct 5, 2023
**SCRUM master:** Muhammed  
**Venue:** EN 2040 
**Source:** If there is a recording or other source material, link it here  
**Time:** 1PM  
**Attendance:** Everyone

KanBan Board was introduced to the team. We spent time setting up the KanBan board for use in tracking progress.
